README.md, before:

# SCM-Manager patches for SVNKit


This repository contains pathes for the usage of
[SVNKit](http://svnkit.com/) in [SCM-Manager](https://scm-manager.org/).
These patches can be applied using [guilt](https://github.com/jeffpc/guilt).

## How To ...

### Apply Patches

To apply these patches, first clone the forked repository of SVNKit:

```
git clone git@github.com:scm-manager/svnkit.git
cd svnkit
```

Then clone this repository in the patches directory in `.git`:

```
git clone git@github.com:scm-manager/svnkit-patches.git .git/patches
```

Finally apply the patches with guilt:

```
guilt push -a
```

__Do not push these applied patches to the svnkit repository!__

### Update and Create New Patches

Set `master` branch of svnkit repository to new base version:

```
git reset --hard <new sha2 hash>
```

Apply all patches:

```
guilt push -a
```

If a patch fails, force push it:

```
guilt push -f
```

Fix failed files (mind all `.re` files containing failed patches)

Refresh patch:

```
guilt refresh
```

Repeat for missing patches

If you want to create new patches, just do so:

```
guilt new <new patch name>
```

To create a new version, drop the old release patch and create a new one:

```
guilt delete <old version>
mvn versions:set -DnewVersion=<new version> -DgenerateBackupPoms=false
guilt refresh
```

Add new patch files, but __do not commit status file__.

### Run tests

Please run the tests from https://github.com/scm-manager/svn-server-spec

Commit message:

Fix spaces in filenames (#2)
Fixes the URLs in generated by the DAV servlet in href tags. Special characters like spaces had not been escaped correctly, so that some SVN clients (like the SvnKIT client) failed.

Fixes scm-manager/scm-manager#2002

README.md, after:

# SCM-Manager patches for SVNKit

This repository contains pathes for the usage of
[SVNKit](http://svnkit.com/) in [SCM-Manager](https://scm-manager.org/).
These patches can be applied using [guilt](https://github.com/jeffpc/guilt).

## How To ...

### Apply Patches

To apply these patches, first clone the forked repository of SVNKit:

```
git clone git@github.com:scm-manager/svnkit.git
cd svnkit
```

Then clone this repository in the patches directory in `.git`:

```
git clone git@github.com:scm-manager/svnkit-patches.git .git/patches
```

Finally apply the patches with guilt:

```
guilt push -a
```

__Do not push these applied patches to the svnkit repository!__

### Update and Create New Patches

Set `master` branch of svnkit repository to new base version:

```
git reset --hard <new sha2 hash>
```

Apply all patches:

```
guilt push -a
```

If a patch fails, force push it:

```
guilt push -f
```

Fix failed files (mind all `.re` files containing failed patches)

Refresh patch:

```
guilt refresh
```

Repeat for missing patches

If you want to create new patches, just do so:

```
guilt new <new patch name>
```

To create a new version, drop the old release patch and create a new one:

```
guilt delete <old version>
mvn versions:set -DnewVersion=<new version> -DgenerateBackupPoms=false
guilt refresh
```

Add new patch files, but __do not commit status file__.

### Build

To build the patched version of SVNKit, set your credentials for packages.scm-manager.org in `~/.gradle/gradle.properties`:

```
packagesScmManagerUsername=
packagesScmManagerPassword=
```

To install the version to the local maven repository, call

```
./gradlew install
```

### Run tests

Please run the tests from https://github.com/scm-manager/svn-server-spec
